Fill in documentation for `type-assertions` (#1706)
exercism/go: concepts/type-assertion/about.md

> # About Type Assertions

Reviewer: You wanted to also include the type switch in this concept if I understood correctly.

Interfaces in Go can introduce ambiguity about the underlying type.
In fact, the empty interface can take any concrete value at all (including primitives).
A type assertion allows us to extract the interface value's underlying concrete value using this syntax: `interfaceVariable.(concreteType)`.

If we assign the result of this statement to a single value, we assert that the interface variable holds a value of the concrete type.
As a result, it may panic at runtime if the interface value does not have the specified concrete type.
For example:

```go
var input interface{} = 12
str := input.(string) // panic at runtime since input is not a string!
```

> We can test whether an interface value holds a specific concrete type by returning two values: the underlying value and a boolean value that reports whether the assertion succeeded.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We can test whether an interface value holds a specific concrete type by making use of both return values of the type assertion: the underlying value and a boolean value that reports whether the assertion succeeded.
```

For example:

```go

> str, ok := input.(string) // no panic if input is a string

Reviewer: I think you meant this:
```suggestion
str, ok := input.(string) // no panic if input is not a string
```
